c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.exe
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.deps.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.pdb
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Identity.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-s390x\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Nuova cartella.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Nuova cartella.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Nuova cartella.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Nuova cartella.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Nuova cartella.styles.css
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\Nuova cartella.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova ca.BE264838.Up2Date
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.pdb
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Prenota-main\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.exe
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.deps.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.pdb
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Identity.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-s390x\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Nuova cartella.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Nuova cartella.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Nuova cartella.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Nuova cartella.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Nuova cartella.styles.css
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\Nuova cartella.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova ca.BE264838.Up2Date
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.pdb
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\prenota-main\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.exe
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.deps.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.pdb
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Identity.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-s390x\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Nuova cartella.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Nuova cartella.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Nuova cartella.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Nuova cartella.props
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Nuova cartella.styles.css
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\Nuova cartella.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova ca.BE264838.Up2Date
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Nuova cartella.dll
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.pdb
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\Nuova cartella.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\SwAgo\Desktop\Ecommerce\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Nuova cartella.dll
